added sections (#23837)
demisto/content: Packs/AbuseDB/ReleaseNotes/1_0_18.md

#### Integrations
##### AbuseIPDB

> - Added support for sections infrastructure.
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.44472*.

Author: ```suggestion
- Note: Organized the the integrations' parameters by sections. Relevant for XSIAM and XSOAR 8.1 and above.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.44472*.
```
